“A language that doesn’t affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.” -Alan Perlis
“A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.” -Alan Turing
“Programming is just saying “I have a meeting in an hour so better not start on this yet” to yourself until you die.” -Alex Engelberg
“In programming, if someone tells you “you’re overcomplicating it,” they’re either 10 steps behind you or 10 steps ahead of you.” -Andrew Clark
“The art of debugging is figuring out what you really told your program to do rather than what you thought you told it to do.” -Andrew Singer
“We can be proud of our abilities, but we must own up to our shortcomings, our ignorances and our mistakes.” -Andy Hunt
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” -Bill Gates
“The mark of a mature programmer is willingness to throw out code you spent time on when you realize it’s pointless.” -Bram Cohen
“The easiest way to never get anything done is to never commit to anything.” -Chad Fowler
“Reusing pieces of code is like picking off sentences from other people’s stories and trying to make a magazine article.” -Bob Frankston
“Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out.” -Chris Pine
“Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for. Complexity is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for.” -Chris Sacca
“There is never enough time to do it right, but there is always enough time to fix it or to do it over.” - Daniel T. Barry
“Programming without an overall architecture or design in mind is like exploring a cave with only a flashlight: You don’t know where you’ve been, you don’t know where you’re going, and you don’t know quite where you are.” -Danny Thorpe
“A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.” -Doug Linder
“Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging.” -Eric S. Raymond
“Falling in love with code means falling in love with problem solving and being a part of a forever ongoing conversation. To be a computer programmer does not mean to live in isolation and solitude, but rather the exact opposite.” -Kathryn Barrett
“I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits.” -Kent Beck
“There is no programming language, no matter how structured, that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.” -Larry Flon
“The competent programmer is fully aware of the limited size of his own skull. He therefore approaches his task with full humility, and avoids clever tricks like the plague.” -Edsger W. Dijkstra
“You can’t learn everything. You can’t hold every concept fully expanded in your head. And moreover, you shouldn’t. As we compress formerly fundamental concepts, we make room for new, grander abstractions.” -David Heinemeier Hansson
“The magic of a computer lies in its ability to become almost anything you can imagine, as long as you can explain exactly what that is.” -Daniel Hillis
